Hey everyone. Welcome back to Movie
Recap. Today I'm gonna show you a
2014 American fictional superhero movie
called, Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles.
The villainous criminal organization known as
the Foot Clan has been terrorizing New York City,
led by the ruthless Shredder. Beneath the
sewers, the rat sensei Master Splinter has
been training his four sons until they are
ready to take Shredder on and become heroes.
Meanwhile, Reporter April O'Neil pesters
a dock worker for information on chemical
materials that the Foot Clan may be
involved with. Not getting any answers,
she and her cameraman Vernon Fenwick go into the
city to do a puff piece on trampoline fitness.
April wants to do better stories, but
Vern assures her that some people enjoy
these kinds of stores the same
way they enjoy foam on coffee.
April learns from the dock worker that
something is being brought in by the docks.
She rides her bike there at night to find the Foot
Clan, led by their lieutenant Karai, preparing to
bring something in. April tries to get footage
on her phone, when a shadowy figure shows up and
takes out the Foot Soldiers one by one. The figure
leaves behind a symbol that April recognizes.
She tells her roommate Taylor about this, and
also at work to her boss Bernadette Thompson,
but nobody seems to believe her
or care about what she has to say.
We see a man with his hands tied behind his
back, and a Foot Soldier trying to attack him,
but the man easily takes the Soldier down.
This man is The Shredder. Karai reports to
him about the vigilante activity, and that
these non-human creatures must be stopped.
The NYPD teams up with Eric Sacks of Sacks Group
Inc. to take down the Foot Clan. April finds Sacks
at an event, where we learn that her father worked
with Sacks on a project before he passed away.
After the event, April and Vern drive home when
they see terrorized New Yorkers scrambling all
around the streets. April leaves the van to check
it out, only to get grabbed by a Foot Soldier and
thrown in with other hostages. Karai calls out
the vigilantes to show themselves, or the Foot
Soldiers will execute the hostages. The Ninja
Turtles catch them on their cameras, and them ride
the subway to find the Foot Clan and beat them
down easily, freeing the hostages in the process.
April runs out and climbs a fire escape to find
the Turtles on the roof. She snaps a picture,
which startles them. She gets grabbed and is
confronted by the Turtles, causing her to faint.
When she s awake, she meets the four heroes
in a half-shell - the leader Leonardo,
the brainy Donatello, rebellious Raphael, and
goofball Michelangelo. Donnie wiped April's phone,
and Leo hands it back to her, warning her not
to tell anybody about them, or they'll find her.
Mikey reiterates this, and it's
obvious he's attracted to April.
The Turtles leave, but April still manages
to get a picture of them from a distance.
April runs home and opens a
box filled with documents,
pictures, and videos on Project Renaissance,
what her father and Sacks were working on.
April sees a video of her as a kid recording in
her father's lab, using a mutagen on the Turtles
and Splinter, pre-mutation. She personally named
them and fed them pizza, which they all loved.
She even recognizes the symbol
from earlier as meaning, "family."
The Turtles try to sneak back into
their lair without alerting Splinter.
However, he manages to catch them and
punishes them by making them maintain
balance on certain items until they tell
him why they were out on the streets.
Splinter breaks Mikey by tempting him with pizza.
Mikey admits they were out fighting the Foot Clan
and when he mentions April's name, Splinter is
alarmed and he orders the Turtles to go find her.
April continues digging into
the Turtles' past, and she tells
Thompson about what she saw the previous
night. Unfortunately, this gets her fired.
Afterwards, Vern takes her to the Sacks
Estate so she can personally ask Sacks
about what he and Dr. O'Neil were working
on. She shows Sacks the photo of the Turtles,
and he takes her into his room to tell her about
his past in Japan, being abandoned by his father
and learning of a legend about a ruthless
warlord in the area. He gives April his card.
April logs onto her computer to find some news
on the Turtles in the subway, only to find that
Donnie hacked her computer and sent her an address
for her to meet them at. She goes alone and the
Turtles take her into their lair. There, she meets
Splinter, who remembered April before he mutated.
He tells her that her father was working with
Sacks and Shredder, but he learned that Shredder
was planning something evil, and so Dr. O'Neil
burned the lab down, at the cost of his own life.
April saved Splinter and the Turtles, and
she took them to the sewers to be safe.
The mutagen later took effect and turned
Splinter into a walking and talking rat that
raised the Turtles as his sons. The boys were
always curious about life above the surface,
but Splinter tried to keep them away, and instead
taught himself the art of ninjitsu before passing
it down to the Turtles. When they were ready, he
armed them with their trademark weapons. Leo with
his katanas, Donnie with his bo staff, Raph
with his sai, and Mikey with his nunchucks.
Splinter expresses his thanks
to April for protecting them.
Sacks is really working for Shredder, and they
come by his armor, which has been given some
upgrades. The Foot Clan also manages to track the
location of the lair. They infiltrate the place,
triggering an alarm that alerts the Turtles. The
Foot Soldiers break in with a bomb and blow the
place open. The Turtles fight the Soldiers,
and Splinter gets in on the action himself.
Mikey brings April to a safe spot before returning
to fight. Shredder enters the lair, decked out in
his armor with multiple knives on each arm. He
faces off with Splinter, who dodges Shredder's
knives and gets a few good hits in. Splinter shuts
the doors to protect his sons, but they lift them
up in time to see Shredder grab Splinter and hold
him before the Turtles, threatening to kill him if
they don't lay down their weapons. They do so,
but Shredder still hits Splinter hard enough to
take him out, while the Soldiers cattle-prod the
Leo, Donnie, and Mikey, capturing them and then
blowing the lair up. Raph emerges from the rubble
and goes with April to take Splinter to rest.
He pleads with Raph to save his brothers and stop
Shredder. Raph gets ready to spring into action.
April calls Vern to take her and Raph to
the Sacks Estate again. Vern sees Raph and,
although he's shocked, he complies and drives
them. In the laboratory beneath his home, Sacks
holds Leo, Donnie, and Mikey in cages, trying to
extract their blood that contains mutagen. His and
Shredder's plan is to infect the city with a toxin
that would quarantine the city, and then seize
control over everyone with the mutagen to use as a
cure. Outside, Vern rams through the gate, running
over Foot Soldiers. Raph busts out of the van
to go find his brothers. April and Vern follow.
Raph fights Shredder on his own while April tries
to free the others by giving them an adrenaline
injection. This allows them to bust out and help
Raph fight Shredder before the villain flees.
The heroes hijack a truck with Karai and
the Foot Soldiers chasing after them.
The Soldiers hit the truck with an RPG, causing
them to slide down the mountain. The Turtles
slide down the mountain on their shells, taking
out the Foot Clan trucks by slamming into them
or flipping them over. Donnie calculates a big
drop happening momentarily. Karai hooks onto
Leo as he tries to save April and Vern, causing
her truck to tumble over and crash into a tree.
Raph pulls Leo, April, and Vern up in time. They
then head over to the city to stop Shredder.
Shredder and Sacks make it back to Sacks's
tower to release the toxin. April and Vern
go look for the mutagen while the Turtles take
Shredder on. They charge in with Mikey yelling,
"Cowabunga!" The Turtles gang up on Shredder, but
he proves a tough foe to beat. Meanwhile, April
manages to secure the mutagen as Vern knocks Sacks
out, even after Sacks shoots Vern in the arm.
The Turtles then band together with a maneuver
that allows them to push Shredder off the roof.
Donnie goes to stop the toxin's release as
Shredder pulls himself back up. Leo, Raph,
and Mikey continue to hold him off, and Donnie is
able to stop the release with a second to spare.
Shredder then tries to knock the top of the
tower down, and the Turtles try holding it
back until April gets to the roof and shows
off the mutagen to Shredder to distract him.
The top of the tower comes crashing down as
Shredder lunges at April and throws them both off.
They hang on for dear life, and the Turtles try
to save April. Shredder tries to finish them off,
but Leo throws his katana at him, causing Shredder
to lose balance and fall to the ground. The top
of the tower comes lose, taking April and the
Turtles with it. Raph admits his brash behavior
was out of fear for his brothers, and he admits he
loves them, right before he realizes they landed
safely. Mikey notices he's crying, but Raph
brushes it off. They return to the sewers. The
citizens then crowd around Shredder, who slightly
moved his hand with mutagen on his fingers...
On the last scene of the film, The Turtles
get some mutagen to revive Splinter.
He is proud of his boys.
Later, April meetsup with Vern,
who is showing off his new car.
The Turtles show up in their own
vehicle tothank April for her help.
Mikey then accidentally launches
a rocket that blows Vern's car up.
TheTurtles offer to give them a lift,
but April says they'll take the subway.
As they drive away,
Mikey sings "Happy Together" to April.
She smiles.
Thanks for watching See
you in another Movie Recap.
Please LIKE and SUBSCRIBE, and click
the bell icon to get new video updates
Have a nice day